Remove live sample link example (#34517)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/page_structures/live_samples/index.md

\{{EmbedLiveSample("paragraph-styling")}}
````

> The macro uses a special URL to fetch the output for a given group of code blocks. The ID will be a part of the URL, but otherwise this URL should be treated as opaque and should not be hardcoded in content. If you need to refer to it, use the `LiveSampleLink` macro.

Reviewer: What do you mean "if you need to refer to it?". As I understand it the `LiveSampleLink` macro generates a link that will open an example in a new page - so you might be saying "if you need to open the example in a new page you can use the id in the `LiveSampleLink` macro." ?

Author: Yes, I think that's what I meant, that you should never create a Markdown link that hardcodes the URL. Rephrasing welcome.

Reviewer: Borrowing your words ...

```suggestion
The macro uses a special URL that includes the ID to fetch the output for a given group of code blocks. You should never use this URL directly — if you need to link to the example use the [LiveSampleLink](#livesamplelink_macro) macro.
```

Author: ```suggestion
The macro uses a special URL that includes the ID to fetch the output for a given group of code blocks. You should never hardcode this URL directly in content — if you need to link to the example, use the [`LiveSampleLink`](#livesamplelink_macro) macro.
```
